As I look at our world these days, I am utterly amazed at how most people end up forming their belief structures and their values structures and ultimately arriving at the choices they make in life.
I mean, all you have to do is look around today and it's absolutely obvious that a lot of people will believe anything
I mean, it's just crazy.
In fact, all you have to do is realize that there are people who will accept any so-called truth that the world is pushing as long as it allows them to be accepted or to be a part of the world in which they're finding themselves.
I mean, too many are falling for and ultimately being destroyed by the lies.
Let's be honest, we have to be careful ourselves.
We're no different than anyone else.
We can be overtaken by the tsunami of lies.
We can be deceived and we have to be careful not to allow that to happen.
Of course, the key to determining whether something is genuinely true or not is found in the source.
The source makes a difference.
I mean, if someone comes to you and
borrows money 10 times promising to pay you back and they don't pay you back, they might not be a credible source.
Maybe you should have stopped after one time.
And yet people are falling to the same lies over and over and over and over again in life, not considering the source.
We have to ask ourselves, is the source credible believable or not?
This is source worth considering.
But if it's not credible, then we should run from it.
And just so you know, this absolutely applies to Christianity.
And so the focus of this new series, we're beginning this weekend, is called what if it's true?
What if it's true?
This weekend, we're starting with a foundational level truth.
It's the truth upon which we build the foundation of Christianity, whether or not Christianity is credible or not, all rides on this truth, and you need to know it.
We're here not because all of us are Christians.
We're here not because all of us believe the same things.
We're all on a search, we're all on a quest, we're all on different places in our life.
But you've come to a place that declares itself to be a Christian church.
church devoted to helping people follow Jesus.
And so you should know what it means to be Christian.
And here's the truth.
Bottom level.
Christianity believes that the Bible is God's word.
I mean, that's what Christianity believes.
I'm not saying you believe it.
I'm not saying everyone who attends here believes it.
We know most people in the world don't believe it.
I get it.
But Christianity
The truth is, believes that the Bible is God's word.
Now, ultimately, we're going to ask the question, what if that's true?
But there's a lot to go through before we get to that question.
First, you need to know, it really does claim it.
Look, if you would, 2 Timothy 3, 16 and 17, all Scripture is God breathed.
It's God-given.
The Bible is God-given, and therefore, because God gave it, not humans, it's useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting, and training in the right way of living.
The Bible claims to be God's word so that we can know the right way of living.
We're living in a world that says there is no right way.
Your way is your truth, my way is my truth, no big deal, but the Bible says it's God's word to teach us the right way of living so that
the man or the person of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.
So Christianity believes that the Bible is God's word.
That's what it believes.
That doesn't mean you have to accept it.
It means that's what it teaches.
Just another passage, 1 Thessalonians 2, 13, and we also thank God continually because when you received the word of God which you heard from us, you heard it from human beings, flawed human beings, but it wasn't from us.
It was the word of God that you received.
You, when you heard it from us, accepted not as the word of men, what we were saying, but as it actually is the word of God, which is at work in you who believe.
So the truth is Christianity believes that the Bible is God's word.
Now we have a decision to make.
Are we going to believe that as a credible source or not?
That's the starting point.
The key to determining that, of course, is very, very important to us.
But know this.
If it is the Word of God, then the Bible is a source that we can and should trust.
But if it is not God's Word, then it's just another source that we should reject.
It's just a bunch of lies.
And this is a vital issue because without the Bible, there is no Christianity.
Without it, there's no reason for us to get together like this.
Think about this.
This is spring forward Sunday.
We lost an hour of sleep and we're here anyway.
If the Bible is not God's Word, what the crap are we doing?
A waste of time.
Without it being God's Word, there is no church.
It's true that we do a lot of good things as a church.
You just heard about the million meals thing, but the only thing that holds it all together and gives it any meaning at all is the Bible.
That's what it's all based upon.
Here's the reality.
If the Bible is not true, then Christians are to be the most pitied people on the planet because they're believing and sacrificing for a lie.
They're living for a false hope.
The Bible's not true, then we should just be eating and drinking and being married for tomorrow.
We die.
So the question for us today, before we even get to what if it's true, is could it be true?
Because most people don't think so.
I mean, it's kind of bizarre to think that we could have a book written by a bunch of people long, long time ago.
And it's really God's word.
But you better ask this question.
Most people don't ask the question.
Most people don't research the question.
And so most people never arrive at the right place.
And this is why so many people are following uncritable sources that are destroying them.
We should ask ourselves the same about the Bible.
Could it be true that it's really God's word?
Could that be rational?
and reasonable?
Well, let's see.
And I'm going to say it right up front.
I think it can be rational.
I think it's the only rational thing to have in my life.
I think it can be reasonable.
I think it's quite intelligent.
That's where I've arrived.
But I haven't arrived there just because someone said it.
Every day I'm hearing people say stuff and most of it's not credible.
So I just wanna share some things to help you see whether or not it could be credible or not.
Could it be true?
Fact number one.
If the Bible was God's word, and I'm gonna start really simple, and then I'll get to more complex.
But if the Bible was God's word, it would say so.
You know, it could be a book, a lot of people say, oh, the Bible never claims to be from God and all that different stuff.
That's what people make up, and they say it, and they misinterpret it all the time and all that, but yeah.
Okay, you can believe whatever you want.
But I'm going to tell you right now, if the Bible is God's word, it would say so and it
does.
I already showed you two passages where it said it, but just so I can heap it on and you can know it's not a couple of strange passages, let me just give you two more, okay?
Romans 3, 1, 2, 2.
What advantage then is there having been in a Jew back then as Christianity was flowing out of Judaism?
They were saying, what benefit was there to being a Jew in the first place?
What value was there in their religious practices, their ceremonial practices?
And Paul says,
a ton, much in every way.
First of all, let me tell you the big thing they had.
They had been entrusted with the very words of God.
Let's talk about the Old Testament.
They claimed they were the very words of God.
So at a minimum, if the Bible were God's word, he'd say so.
He does there, did in the other passages.
Let's go to a passage that deals with Old and New Testament.
Peter says, above all, you must understand that no prophecy of Scripture came about by the prophet's own interpretation.
It's not just a bunch of human beings writing it as a fairy tale about God.
For prophecy never had its origin in the will of man, but men spoke from God as they were carried along by the Holy Spirit.
And so whether you believe it or not, we haven't even got to that point yet, you need to know that the Bible claims to be
God's word.
The Bible says it's God's word.
So now we have a decision to make.
Is that credible or not?
You can't say, well, the Bible never says it.
Yes, it does.
This is why churches that are changing it, throwing it away, bringing in other sources are not Christian churches because Christian churches believe the Bible is God's word, the sole authority over our life and faith.
You just need to know it.
The question is incredible.
Well, it says it's
God's word, but does it live up to it?
Fact number two, having fun so far?
Take a drink of that latte, suck down some of the foam on your cappuccino.
Fact number two, if the Bible was God's word, it would be special.
I mean, come on, you know it would be.
A lot of books in this world that aren't special.
I wrote a book, yes.
Publisher published, my words.
three people read it.
That's how special it was.
I couldn't even get one of my kids to read that.
I mean, it's crazy.
You know, whatever.
But if God wrote a book, I think he could like do better than publishers, right?
It'd be special if God wrote the book.
And boy, the Bible is really special.
It's special.
This doesn't prove anything, but it's like,
Boy, if it was God's word, it'd be special and guess what it is.
So whoa, it says it is and it's pretty special like it should be.
How is it special?
Well, I'll try not to get too deep into this, but it's special in its distribution.
Did you know there's no other book on the planet that's owned and read by more people than the Bible?
Not even a second, not even a close second.
I mean, nothing's even close.
Whatever you're thinking right now, what about, what about,
not even in the same universe as the Bible's distribution.
It's far away the best-selling book on the planet and has been throughout history.
It's also special in its translation, which is important because many of you don't know.
The Bible wasn't written in American English.
It was written in Hebrew and Aramaic and Greek.
How do we have it in English?
It was important enough, special enough to translate.
But a lot of books have been translated, right?
Yeah, even my book, read by three people, translated into Spanish because they wanted a book that no one would read to be in two languages.
I mean, that's just kind of the way it was.
But the Bible is the first book
ever translated, and it's the book that's most often translated.
Parts of all the Bible have, but parts are all of the Bible have been translated into almost every language on the planet, well over 3,000 languages, and the closest to it, the best research I can find, closest to it doesn't even have 10% of the translated languages.
Nothing's close.
It's special, all right.
This book called the Bible, which it would be if it was God's Word.
in its manuscript evidence and its accuracy.
A lot of us never think about this, but the truth is the only thing we can count on as making a source about the past credible is its manuscript basis.
And all of us have heard, we've heard what Sophocles and Homer and Plato and Socrates supposedly said, as we've heard
What many other people have said throughout history, but did you know of all those people, we only have a handful of manuscripts that give any credibility to their writings.
And yet they're quoted at almost every level of academia as absolutely trustworthy.
This is what Plato said, how do you know?
Well, because my professor at the University of Michigan told me so, I don't give a crap.
What's the manuscript basis for that?
And there's very little.
But they're quoting it as fact.
But you know when it comes to the Bible, and if it was God's word, He'd make sure it had a pretty good basis for believing it.
There are over 20,000 existing manuscripts.
This is the most completely documented book of any in history.
It's credible to believe it could be from God.
It's really special.
It's special in its unity.
This is a weird thing.
If you read through my book, you'd go, he talked about too many things.
He didn't even know what he was talking about.
You listen to my talk and you go, dude, pick a subject and stay on it, right?
It's like unity.
I'm one person and I can't even stay unified with myself.
I just changed my mind in the last paragraph.
But the Bible, which was written over 1500 years by 40 different authors,
who were from different educational levels, different cultures, different experiences, different economic levels, who never knew each other, wrote this one thing we now call the Bible, 66 books, and it's absolutely unified into one theme, Jesus Christ.
Our problem with sin
And God's answer through love of a Savior.
And that unifies its pages from Genesis to Revelation.
How in the world could that happen?
There's only one way.
The people over 1500 years who didn't know each other writing it.
weren't the authors, it was as Peter said, the God who was writing it through people proved he knew beginning from end and he wrote it as a unified theme.
This is one special book and it's special in its impact.
No book has more broadly influenced the course of world events than the Bible.
Civilization has been influenced more by the Bible than any other book or series of books in the entire world.
So if it were God's word, he'd say it, it does.
And if it were God's word, it'd be special, it is.
Fact three, if the Bible was God's word, this shows you my level of thinking.
Ooh, really deep.
If the Bible was God's word, it would be true.
It'd be true.
provably true, and it is.
Now I'm gonna just say, the Bible itself claims that it's true and puts itself up to accountability to it.
Look at, if you would, Psalm 19, the law of the Lord is perfect, it's true, reviving the soul.
The statutes of the Lord are trustworthy, they're true, making wise the simple.
The precepts of the Lord are right, not wrong, they're true.
Again, 2 Peter 1, 16.
We did not follow cleverly invented stories.
We told you about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus.
No, we didn't invent them.
We were eyewitnesses of His majesty.
He claims, we're telling you the truth stands up to accountability.
Does it?
Well, I can't spend too long on this.
I thought about locking the doors, having security stand there and keeping you for several hours, but I decided maybe that's not the best way to get you back next week.
So I'm trying to give you a synopsis of a pretty substantial amount of content.
Let me just give you two examples.
Is it true?
Is it credible?
Well, it's true prophetically.
Not just so you know, a lot of people misunderstand prophecy.
They think it's always predicting the future.
It's not prophecy is a fourth telling
of the truth, but in the Bible, sometimes prophecy is predictive, where they're predicting something way out in the future that would happen.
And by the way, if it doesn't happen, if it isn't true, if it doesn't measure up, then it can't be God's word, right?
Because it's not true.
And God Himself says this, if anyone claims to be predicting something in my name and it doesn't come true, you can know it's not from me.
Look at how the Bible says it in Deuteronomy 18.
If what a prophet proclaims in the name of the Lord does not take place or come true, that is a message the Lord has not spoken.
It doesn't come from God.
That prophet has spoken presumptuously.
Don't be afraid of him.
Wow.
So predicting the future and then living up to it.
And here's the reality.
There is no unconditional prophecy of the Bible about events
that were future, that has not been perfectly fulfilled.
Now, when I say unconditional prophecy, that means the condition of that prophecy has already been met.
It's not yet still future.
Every single prophecy that needed to be met by now has been met perfectly.
Thousands of predictions, some of them given hundreds of years in advance, have been literally, literally fulfilled.
How does that happen?
Let me just give you a couple of examples.
I'm giving you some passages.
You can go research it on your own.
But let's look at the birth of Jesus.
Did you know that the time, the city, and the nature of Jesus' birth was all foretold hundreds and hundreds of years before it happened, proven that it was done hundreds years before.
The Dead Sea Scrolls were found, proven to be documents of antiquity long before Jesus was ever born and the prophecies were there.
Whoa.
Just read Daniel 9, Micah 5, 2, Isaiah 14, 7, 14.
There were dozens of other things about his life and his death and even his resurrection that were predicted as well hundreds of years before.
Just read Isaiah 53.
Showed as he was going to be crucified and crucifixion hadn't even been invented yet.
Numerous other prophecies have been fulfilled, including the destruction of Edom and Obadiah 1, the curse on Babylon and Isaiah 13, the destruction of Tyre and Ezekiel 26, the destruction of Nineveh and Nahum 1 through 3, and the return to Israel to the land in Isaiah 11 and 11.
Okay, I mean, I'm just throwing this out.
I'm telling you, a lot of predictive prophecy and all fulfilled perfectly, but here's the big aha I want you to get.
26 other books in our world that claim or are proclaimed to have been divinely inspired given by their God.
You know, the Quran, the Book of Mormon, the writings of Buddha, Confucius and others.
None of them contains predictive prophecy.
Well, logic would tell you why.
It's because they couldn't predict the future.
and to put everything they say on the line to being wrong in a prediction was stupid.
And the one thing you can say about the people that wrote all these religious books, they weren't stupid.
They might have been liars, they might have been mistaken, they might have been crazy.
That all might be true, but they were brilliant people and they weren't going to discount everything they did by doing something they couldn't do, predict the future.
So why the Bible?
Maybe it's that the one who could predict the future because he knows beginning from end was behind the writing.
Maybe that's the only explanation.
It's a strong indication that the Bible was inspired by him.
In light of this, it makes it kind of rational to believe that what the Bible says about life and about death and about hope and about heaven.
Maybe it's not the leap in the dark people claim it is.
Maybe you're the one taking the leap in the dark if you don't believe the Bible.
I mean, just maybe.
And it's not just true prophetically, it's true historically.
And this is really, really important.
I'm gonna use a verse that Jesus gave us to get there.
He said, I have spoken to you of earthly things in John 3.12.
and you don't believe them.
I mean, right, you're here, you're seeing, and I'm speaking to you about earthly things, and you don't even believe that.
How then will you believe if I speak of heavenly things?
And all I want you to see from that passage is this reality.
Jesus is saying, if you can't believe what I'm saying about things that you can see and know, how are you going to believe about things you can't see and don't know, like heaven and God and how are you going to believe that?
And so a lot of the Bible is historical in nature, which is stuff that's earthly, which we can see, which we can investigate, and it's subject to historical investigation.
And the most significant area of confirmation in regard to the historicity of the Bible has come from the field of archeology.
You know, where you dig up stuff about the past.
And a very famous, very famous old archeologist said this,
His name was Nelson Gluck.
It may be stated categorically that no archeological discovery has ever contributed a biblical reference.
We have not discovered one thing ever through archeology that proves the Bible wrong historically.
Not one thing.
But he says there are a lot of people who dismissed the Bible as historically inaccurate and then he goes on.
Scores of archeological findings have been made though.
which confirm in clear outline or exact detail historical statements in the Bible, which historians have long forgotten or have dismissed.
So here's what he's saying.
He's saying, people deny the Bible and then when we have an archeological discovery, it proves the Bible right time and time again.
Nothing's been discovered to prove the Bible wrong.
It's historically accurate, weird, right?
I just want to give you one example.
There are hundreds, but just one.
Luke chapter two verses one through three.
This is Christmas.
In those days, Caesar Augustus issued a decree that a census should be taken of the entire Roman world.
This was the first census that took place while Chironius was governor of Syria.
And everyone went to their own town to register.
Seems like a simple thing, makes you want to sing a little town of Bethlehem or something, right?
But historians have used this passage to say Christianity
Isn't true, the Bible is historically inaccurate because they said the Romans didn't do censuses, there was no governor named Quirinius, and you didn't go to your old home heritage town to register for a census.
Oops, except for one thing.
They found, you see, I'm messing this thing up pretty bad right now.
I like to look cooler than that, but it's not moving with me.
Yeah!
Whoo!
It's a win for the ages.
Now you know why people didn't read my book.
It was on using technology.
No, it was not.
It wasn't on that.
As it turns out, archaeological discoveries have been made that verify that passage.
Luke and the Bible weren't wrong.
The historians were wrong.
And once again, though it's often attacked, the Bible proved true, which is what it would do if it was
God's word.
Fact number four.
If the Bible was God's word, it would be powerful.
I mean, come on.
If the God who can create lightning wrote a book, it might have the power of lightning.
And the Bible is.
Just so you know, Romans 1 16 says it.
I am not ashamed of the gospel, God's word, because it's the power of God to change lives.
Salvation of everyone who believes first for the Jew,
and then for the Gentile.
Hebrews 4, 12, for the word of God is living and active.
God, what He wrote long ago, is not dead language.
It's living today and active day.
It's like He's still speaking right now.
It's sharper than any double-edged sword.
It penetrates to the dividing of soul.
It's not a mental thing.
It creeps into your soul and spirit and joints and marrow.
And it's so powerful.
It judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.
It gets inside of you.
It is powerful.
And untold millions have experienced this power, but I can't talk for the millions, but I can talk for me.
It's power changed my life.
I was someone who had no interest in it.
I rejected my parents' religion, my parents' views.
I did everything I could to get out from it and reject it.
But in the end, it crept into my bone and my arrows and my soul and my spirit, and it overpowered me.
It's an amazing book.
People with addictions have found freedom through this book.
Self-destructive, morally bankrupt people have been positively transformed by it.
Hate has been turned to love by reading and applying the Bible marriages have been saved.
Believers grow by studying it.
The sorrowful find comfort in it.
The Bible possesses the dynamic, transforming power of God, which is what it would do if it were God's word.
Fact five, and for those of you who don't like facts, last fact,
Fact five, if the Bible was God's word, it would be relevant.
It's possible for me to write something that doesn't resonate with you because I'm writing from my limited experience.
But if God writes something to you, it's going to cut to the gut and be relevant for your life if it's God's word.
And that's what the Bible does.
It squares with the realities of the world, the realities of our lives.
There's not a significant issue in our lives that the Bible doesn't speak to with relevance, which is exactly what Paul said to Timothy, 2 Timothy 3, 15.
You know that from infancy, you've known the Holy Scriptures, which have been able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ.
I mean, it's just explodes in relevance to your life.
2 Timothy 3, 16 and 17, I repeat this verse.
God breathed it out and it's relevant to teach, to rebuke, to correct, to train in the right way to live so that you can become all that God's created you to become.
It's relevant.
And so, wow, if it were God's word, it would be all those things.
So do you remember the question that I started off with?
Could it be true?
I mean, this crazy idea that
A book could be God's book.
Could it be true?
And you have to decide for yourself.
And by the way, you better because you're going to live by a source.
You're going to follow something as truth.
But I'm going to be upfront.
I've concluded the answer to that question is an absolute yes, not because I'm unintelligent, not because I'm an idiot, not because I'm taking a blind leap in the dark, but I have found nothing else in life that has more credibility than the idea that this book really was authored by God.
Could it be true?
Yes, it's true.
The Bible is God's word.
So now we get to the question of the series.
What if it's true?
You know what you're thinking right now.
You're thinking, so everything he said so far is just the introduction to this talk.
Oh my gosh.
What if it's true?
Well, here's the application.
If it's true, then we would say since the Bible is God's word, if it's true, then we should build our lives on it.
I mean, if it's true,
We should build our lives on it.
We should live by it because it's true and nothing else is.
If it's not true, well, then do what you want.
But if it's true, you should build your life on it.
You know what's sad?
A lot of people who claim to believe it's true don't build their lives on it.
Right?
And just so you know, this is what Jesus said, I didn't make this up.
Look what Jesus said, starting in Matthew 7, 24.
Jesus says, therefore, everyone who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice is like a wise man who built his house on the rock.
As happens in every life, the rain came down, the streams rose, the winds blew and beat against that house, but it didn't fall because it had its foundation on the rock.
Built their life on God's truth, but Jesus goes further.
Everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practices like a foolish man,
who built his house on sand.
As life happens, the rain came down, the streams rose and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell with a great crash.
The difference in the people who follow Jesus and don't, who believe the Bible's God's Word and those who don't, isn't that those who believe get sunshiney, mountain top,
two lips and rose-pedaled lives and everything goes great.
I know a lot of people who give up on God because their life is hard.
Who said that following Jesus wouldn't make your life hard?
Who said it?
Jesus died for living for God.
You're gonna get the storms beating against your life.
The difference between those who believe the Bible is God's word
And those who don't is they build their lives on it, and when life crashes on them, they're not broken by it.
But most people are broken by it.
They don't build their lives on it.
Are you?
And I have to tell you, I can only speak for myself.
You need to know I'm not perfect.
I haven't done it perfectly.
I'm flawed.
I mess up a lot.
But this is what I've sought to do in my life, though imperfectly.
to live my whole life on this book.
My entire life now revolves around this book.
I found Christ through this book.
I approached marriage on the principles of this book.
I've raised my children according to the principle of this book, and I've led this church for now 34 years according to the principles of this book.
I've sought to personally live by the instructions of this book.
And by the way, during times of confusion and discouragement and frustration and disappointment which occur a lot in my life, this is the book I turn to.
And here's the answer to the question, what if it's true that I want to give to you?
Since the Bible is God's word, it only makes sense that we should accept its Savior.
Have you?
I mean, the Bible says it, and if it's God's Word, what if it's true?
Salvation is found in no one else, for there's no other name under heaven given to men by which we must be saved.
I mean, what if it's true?
You need it Savior.
Do you have them?
This is so important that before I give you the last couple of thoughts and we go out and enjoy our day, I'm gonna ask you, would you just bow with me in a word of prayer just for a moment?
And if you're maybe online so glad you're with us or here in person, I wanna encourage you, if the Bible is God's word, that's what I believe.
And if that's true, you need it to save your, why not accept them now?
Take my words in this prayer and make them yours, just say Jesus,
I believe.
I've sinned against you.
I've blown it.
I've believed the wrong things.
But you came.
You died on the cross for my sin.
You rose again to give me new life.
And I'm putting my faith in you and asking you to forgive and save me right now.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
If you prayed with me, let us know, would you?
We'd love to know.
We want to send you a book of the Bible and journal form.
You just have to tell us easy.
You don't have to stand up, carry a sign, come down front.
You know, I have to do is text us.
Just one word, Northridge is the message to three, 16, 16.
That's our number.
We'll send you a link, fill that out, get it back to us.
But what if it's true?
Well, if it's true, then we should live by its teaching, right?
One of the greatest sadnesses of my life is that many churches and many pastors get up and don't teach people to live according to God's Word.
They tell people what they want to hear.
It helps them not at all.
I'm telling you, since the Bible is God's Word, you should live by its teaching.
You should structure your values according to it.
You should base your marriages on it.
You should raise your kids according to it.
You should handle your finances in light of it.
Are you?
You say, well, I'm sitting here listening to you.
That doesn't mean much.
James 122, do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves.
Do what it says.
Most people are in the category of listening, but not doing.
But if you really believe it's God's word,
Shouldn't you do it?
Build your lives on it?
And to help you, we're all about supporting you and spiritually growing and learning to know and trust God's word.
So we've decided to go back to one of our most successful spiritual encouragement activities.
5,500 people at the same time were involved in this when we did it before.
And we're starting it again this Monday, tomorrow we're starting it.
And it's where every morning we send a text with Scripture and a spiritual thought that you can focus on and even pray about every morning.
And it starts this coming Monday and it's going to go through Easter.
And I'd love for you to sign up.
All you have to do is text us to that number 31616.
Four letters, Devo, D-E-V-O.
for devotions and we'll sign you up and you can get those every morning.
Lastly, what if it's true?
Well, if it's true that the Bible is God's word, then we should share its power with others, right?
I'm so tired of people who claim to believe that the Bible is God's word, hiding their belief from people because they're afraid of what those people might think.
Are you kidding me?
If you believe it's God's word, wouldn't you want people to know their only hope is to know him?
And what he says, that's the key to being set free.
We should share the power of God's truth.
It's exactly what Paul said in Romans 1, 16.
I'm not ashamed of it because it's the power of God that can change their lives.
Good for everyone.
That's where we need to be, are you?
And you say, I'm not a theologian.
I can't speak like you know.
No one's asked you to.
You know what you can do as a starting point?
This is so easy.
You want to share the power of God's word?
You could invite people to Easter.
You go Easter.
It's snowed this morning.
I know it's crazy world we live in.
Easter's in a couple weeks.
And all you have to do is invite people to say, yeah, I've tried that before.
And you know, I invite people.
And they say, they're busy on Sunday.
Well, here's good news.
We don't just do Easter on Sunday.
She can say, hey, would that come to Easter with me?
No, I'm busy Easter Sunday.
Oh, bummer.
Well, why don't you come to Easter on Saturday with me?
Oh.
And then,
I think I'm busy all day Saturday, too.
Say, yeah, I get it.
Saturday and Sunday, the whole weekend.
But what are you doing Friday?
You're not busy Friday, right?
No, I'm not doing anything Friday.
Well, good.
Which service are you coming to with me?
I mean, seriously.
Here at Northridge for Easter, we're doing 10 services.
10.
Two in Brighton.
Lunch here.
It's pretty cool.
And you know, all you have to do is invite someone.
And by the way, we're doing something unique this year.
Oh, it's such a cool idea.
Instead of adding another service on Good Friday or adding another service at Saturday, you know what we've done?
We've added another service on Easter Sunday, and it's not going to be during your Easter meal or your Easter dinner, none of that.
We're adding, for the first time ever, an Easter sunrise service at Northridge, at 7.16 in the morning.
I mean, it's going to be awesome.
7.16 in the morning.
And by the way, I need you to know, we're very honest around here, that's after the sun has already rised.
Raised.
Rosed.
Sun will already be up.
So we're calling it a sunrise, but we're lying.
Sun are already up because we know if we do it when the sun's rising, there's no way you'll be here.
So we're doing it at 716.
We're also not doing it outside.
It's going to be muddy or snowy.
Who knows?
Hurricanes.
We don't know what's going to happen.
It's Michigan.
So we're doing it in here, but we're doing it at 716.
So you can celebrate Easter.
be done at 816, or if I'm talking 845, something like that, and then on your way.
But here's the thing.
You should share it with people.
Because if the Bible's God's Word, and it's the source for hope, the source for help, the source people are looking for, shouldn't you do everything you can to expose people to it?
I think you should.
What's the conclusion here today?
The question is, what if it's true?
What if it's true?
Well, if it's true, it changes everything.
It changes everything.
You say, but I'm broken, I know, but God's word is true and it changes everything.
I don't know what to do in life, I know, either do I, but you know what?
The Bible's God's word and it changes everything.
There's no peace in this world, I know, it's a broken, hate-filled world.
But man, the Bible's God's Word, and it changes everything.
Let's allow it to change us.
And then let's share it with the world so it can change the world.
And then we'll experience what Jesus came to give us.
I'm so thankful you're here this weekend.
See you next time.